c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\LaboruTKM.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\LaboruTKM.Tests.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\LaboruTKM.Tests.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\LaboruTKM.Web.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\LaboruTKM.Web.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\obj\Debug\LaboruTKM.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\obj\Debug\LaboruTKM.Tests.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\obj\Debug\LaboruTKM.Tests.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\LaboruTKM.Model.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\LaboruTKM.Common.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\LaboruTKM.Data.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\LaboruTKM.Model.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\LaboruTKM.Common.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\LaboruTKM.Data.pdb
c:\users\usuario\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LaboruTKM\LaboruTKM.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
